which side I'm on now it should
be it's different
view okay let me just uh dive into it
basically
yesterday I fried this by powering my my
syn because there was some short and I
don't exactly know what the cause is but
basically I rebuilt it this one's much
cleaner look at these beautiful
traces but I repaired this one too with
this jumper wire cuz one of the things
broke and then I replaced one of the
voltage Regulators which was faulty so
I'm going to
attach one of these to
here so that we have basically this one
will go in the synth it's all pretty and
nice and we'll we'll mount it this one
however will be my benchtop one where I
can just use it to cuz it's annoying to
have to take it out of of Thea case or
like wire it through the case just to be
able to test the module so it does make
sense to have two power supplies um that
said we need
to figure out which is which so first
thing I'm going to do is I have
a AC to 15 volts
ac Transformer plugged in over there so
I'm plugging this in and I'm setting my
multimeter to
um ac
voltage and I'm just going to see which
leads give me
which and basically my plan
is okay so that's 15 what is this
one that one's like point that one's
like nonsense
so
I tried shorting them I thought I would
feel a buzz but nothing okay so
um I think it was not this
one so it was so make this
red
and this
black wait no I bent the wrong one
okay maybe that's why I didn't get
shocked all right let's
see nope no
shock
sad all right so that's good so we're
going to just uh flip this onto
here and then make some
wire and then so it
on all right so I'm going to make them
kind of long I
think
for
okay so
now put black over
here and this looks like the type of
stuff that uh is really annoying to
solder to but we're going to find
out okay so it's they're hanging we get
turn on our power supply or our
soldering iron wait for that to heat
up I don't have my paper towels paper
towels are
useful
actually what I'm going to do I'm going
to pull
this okay probably hot
now
yep
I really [__] up this tip when I
uh okay well it should be tined
now this stuff is such a pain to solder
too oh actually this this stuff stuff is
good this stuff is really
good
for
okay
beautiful okay so now all we have to do
is plug this in the right
spot I forget what is
what the diodes goes to
Red so we can plug it in
there then ground is two down I
think two dos
down
is it
that is that
ground [__] I'm such a dip I'm a
donkey
donkey okay let's
see
okay that's
right
um
okay uh [__] it
up
okay okay it's good enough this [__] is
not going into a
[__] Nuclear
Plant
all
right so
now we're going to just say [__] it and
see if it
works what's the Worst That Could
Happen the worst that happens is we
break something something okay so this
one is flipped around so ground is on
the
centermost then + 12 is here all right
so we're going to do that turn it
on set it to DC voltage get our
plug
nice - 9
18 how's that
possible
I don't really understand
that so that means that our Peak to Peak
is going to be high
too 30 volts Peak to Peak that's not
good how's that
possible
probably can't see it
but
18 that means we can't really use it
right I don't think my components are
rated
for S high
voltage
something seems
suspicious
damn the plus 12 was
perfectly wonder what's
wrong
I took out one of the caps but that
shouldn't mean
anything okay let me ask
GPT
for
it's just [__] victim blaming me for
having bad components and [__] I don't
think that's
it I'm a little low how about that test
there we
go no we just
tested I mean I did hear a click let
me I want to
desolder this cap again
and see what's
up how do we do
that
um I guess we'll do it like
this I'm just going to hold on to
this
this [__]
sucks
for
[__]
don't
move
muscle [__] it's impossible to get it
out of there
man
I feel like this thing will be able to
measure capacitance that
high dude the crows go
crazy
oh we're going to have a issue
bro if they perch in the far tree we're
good but
otherwise dude the crows this time of
year go
crazy okay so we need to go to
capacitance
mode
okay I don't really know all right wait
I'm going to unplug one of them and
let's just measure it again I I'm just
curious if
having one of the capacitors dead
actually did
something W it measures the capacitance
that's
cool all right come here
baby
should I try replacing it
again honestly
I kind of think I should just
say screw
it oh here it
is I think I'm going to just
test test the the new one if it breaks
it breaks like it's not the end of the
[Music]
world oh wait actually I have a
tool
for
[Music]
okay can y'all see
this somehow these are
hot oh they're not
really
oh yeah this is
confusing okay so what I'm going to
do so I'm going to use the infrared
camera and I want to record
actually
okay right so let's get this all
sorted all right
so I so I replaced the Schmid
trigger and I have my dad sort of look
at the circuit and he said that there
shouldn't be any problems so if we fry
it
again it'll suck
but okay so basically we want to see if
anything
heats
up when we do this
so oh [__] so I need to make sure that
this
is okay we really want
to do this correctly so that y'all can
see
it okay I'm going to hold it like
this we don't really have much time
though I wish I could do this I guess I
can do this
onehanded [__] it keeps
[__] [__] iPhones
bro nothing's getting hot
look at the power
supply let look at the voltage
regulators
nothing seems
hot okay
okay well that was something all right
so it should be running so I'm actually
going to unplug this and we're going to
get the oscilloscope and we're going to
see maybe just changing the chip maybe
just changing the chip fixed
it
for
wait I actually totally forgot so I got
the oscope that's fine but I forgot that
there's a capacitor I took
out
for
all right
so plug this get this out of the way for
right
now okay see if this will slot
in oh yeah you got to bend the legs a
little bit on these
[Music]
guys
okay
yeah
is
okay all right let's try this [__]
[Music]
again
um h Cross Buns Hot Cross
[Music]
Buns
okay let's get this thing [__]
going
it must have turned
off
okay but this thing
sucks here we
go is there anything actually hot or is
it just cuz
I oh right it's hot because of the
solder all right so I'm going to click
record
it's at 27 I don't think it's that big
of a
deal okay so all we did was change the
chip and plugged it back in so
now it's not
ideal
okay so it's going I'm going to unplug
it plug in
our plug in
our
thing guys let's let's let's hope that
this
works cuz if this works then I can get
on to doing something cool like making
the front
panel I'm going to make a second front
panel I think I'm going to make this one
out of
alumin alumininum
aluminum you now so wait hold
on this
big wave
[Music]
forms
scope all
right oh wait was that out the whole
time I don't know if that was out the
whole time so we need to do it
again oh beautiful that worked quickly
this
time recording
okay nothing's
hot somehow it disconnected this thing
kind of sucks okay whatever happened I
don't
care I'm so nervous now a little nervous
Nelly nervous
Nelly oh should I do ground testing
again let's just
see well that
sucks
wait what did I just
see
I feel like I
saw
something's
happening wait okay wait if this really
is the
case and this should do something but it
doesn't no I think it's much of Hocus
Pocus
is it just oscillating super
slowly done done done
brou okay okay okay hold on everybody
shut
up
no
way wait it's
working it's going fromus 5 Vols to 5
Vols okay wait hold on let me change the
duty
cycle
[Music]
I think the lack of that 100K resistor
is I think the frequency is just super
low guys are we on to something here
I mean that's not
right
well okay let's try to apply a CV I'll
get the breadboard and we'll
see I'm going to unplug
this
for
okay so we have a
breadboard the
potentiometer so what we're going to do
is we're going to plug into here
probably can't see
that okay then we're going to plug
this into here and into here now we need
some jump jump
pairs jump pair
dumpers dumper
jumpers okay here's
one okay wa
over
here okay now we need to get
some
batteries
butter
okay
wait is it on I don't think it's on okay
that's
fine guys this would be so freaking hype
if it actually worked okay so what are
we doing
here we're going to plug it
in
oh wait
um everybody stay [__] calm okay wait
I'm going to unplug
it
[Music]
okay all right so
now that's
going let's power this
thing [__]
man what was happening there was
something
happening but now nothing is happening
I guess we'll have to go back to check
for broken
traces
what
excuse me I just tapped to the
Via oh my God hold
on no
way excuse
me but this isn't
right
Something Fishy is going
on nothing nothing nothing perfect
square
wave so I want to get my speaker I'll
show you guys it it's sort of working
e
all right
cool all right so we're going to plug
this baby into the square wave output
and then we're just going to you can't
hear anything can't hear anything then
all I'm going to do is touch the
antenna
okay wait so now what we want to
do is we want
to listen to that and then
plug
no that's just Pure
Noise
for
[Music]
oh
wait
okay
for
it's so weird when I touch this
thing
but it doesn't change pitch it's
[Music]
clearly
I don't get it man why does this
work
[Music]
why is it that it but the thing is it it
doesn't even matter because it's
like voltage control doesn't do
anything
for
okay let me open up the schematic really
quick which output is
the pins
seven or
rather
pin8 okay so I need
to this is
pin8 okay so let's go to the
A
touch this
thing I'm so
confused
for
okay and then which one is the
uh pin 14
that's that one over
there
[__]
wait does that square
out oh see that's an indication that
this is totally [__] messed up
man
but I feel like I was getting a saw too
somewhere like if I take this and
connect it
to
here wait but I have to take out the
current
dra I guess
yes dude I'm at a loss man what could it
be the thing that's crazy though is that
the comparator duty cycle was changing
right like if we go to pin
seven which
is this let me touch this let's make
sure that okay so there we have we have
that let's see does the duty cycle
actually work it does
work wait if I just touch this
thing
okay so I'm just going to ask GPT let's
see what's up with this
thing I'm building a voltage control
oscillator and I have a PC board
and if I I don't even know how to
describe this man if I touch this
via
then the square wave works but the sign
this uh the the saw too wave doesn't
work at
all but the square wave
works and the pulse with modulation
works but it doesn't make any sense
because the way that this is
designed is that the square wave takes
the triangle the saw too wave and feeds
it into a comparator setup using an opam
so hypothetically the if the pulse with
modulation works then we should see a
triangle
wave but for some reason the pitch
control just does not work at
all H okay wait let's go
to this
[Music]
pin let's go to this
pin
cook on there and then touch
it okay
but no sign of life
with there's something obvious that I'm
missing
about
for
yeah hey when do you get
back o that's a hard question um maybe
six okay this is so weird when I touch
this
thing it sort of works but it sort of
all it's a very confusing thing okay
we'll debug it all right good bye bye
read your book read heart yeah
oh
[__] all right
um okay so there's a bunch of [__] debug
that I don't
understand wait let me get my vote
meter
I want to see that these batteries
Aren't Dead that would be that would be
fun a fun little
discovery
nope it
works it's a bummer the pitch control
doesn't
work
for
could it be the transistor pin outs are
[__] no way
right all right I'm going to fix this
one
joint
for
wait but what am I doing I'm just trying
random [__] like a [__]
[Music]
dumbass
I
oh boy
okay oh
[Music]
boy
for
for so that should be connected
to the
same wait hold
on so we want to
go
here see that's
confusing
somehow this is getting
grounded
damn I don't know what I did with that
tiny
screwdriver cuz I want to know
if this trimmer pot was like set to
zero
bro this is such a mess dude
get the power supply I'm going to plug
it back in just
cuz where's my scope what's it
on it's on this stupid [__]
thing
um
for
what
happened what did I do I messed with it
and now it's [__]
broken
oh wait power
fell
okay so now we do this thing and we get
a square wave okay so that is so weird
the weirdest part about this is that I
get pulse with
modulation I mean something's broken
about it
but we're getting
pwm
yeah I want to I want to put I want to
put my Probe
on
I wonder if my transistors have the
wrong for some reason oh Jesus Christ
this is impossible
dude you like really hold this in
here okay and
get
okay now we got that guy now we want to
[Music]
turn
this
I don't know could that be a cold solder
joint
I feel like it's not because of
house
for
I really want something to work so I'm
going to bring the box out here and
we're going to mess
around
for
okay so we got the box
here now we're going to take this is
going to go to
CV
okay P
CV now how are we going to do
this
let's move
everything under need this we'll take
these
out let's hope this thing
works
okay
okay so
now doesn't
matter
look all
right please please please work
nice oh
yeah oh bro I'm such a dumbass all the
time
okay nice we're just
forgetting
[Music]
is
for
well that's satisfying I
guess not
really
for
[Music]
let's
see
do
um wait
nor
what
all right what do we are we
doing I think I'm going to put a
Kad
and I we could probably build the
envelope
generator the thing about the envelope
generator is
that
if you've been following this channel
for a while we can just do
uh
EG all right so maybe we'll just design
an envelope
[Music]
generator the thing
is
the thing about build along with my
videos chances are you've now got a vco
a filter and maybe a VCA in your DIY
module and are essential modules they
are not all that usable without another
important addition an envelope generator
why is that what do we need an envelope
generator for simple we've only got two
hands best case so there's a hard limit
to how many knobs we can turn and
parameters we can tweak at the same time
also those hands are generally sluggish
sloppy and imprecise wouldn't it be much
better if we had some virtual
programmable robot hand to help us out
that would do what we tell it to do
reliably and precisely whenever we
wanted to if your answer is yes then you
might be a control free also You'
probably want an envelope generator like
this
one
[Music]
maybe we'll just breadboard this
out so what exactly is happening here
simple this envelope generator is acting
as a virtual hand tweaking a c frequency
an amplitude a pitch how does that work
well in both my oscillator and filter
series we went to Great Lengths to make
them volage controllable this pays off
now because both for the oscillator's
pitch and for the filter cutter
frequency we now have two
interchangeable options if we want to
manipulate them by turning a knob or by
sending a voltage into these inputs so
if we want the filter to open up for
example we can either turn this guy to
the right or we send in a high level
voltage here now of course if we only
wanted to open the filter and keep it
open we could send in a fixed 12v signal
and be done with it that's not all that
useful though normally you'd want the
filter to close at some point too so why
not simply use a square wave oscillator
since a square wave is really just an
oscillation between a high and a low
level voltage this would indeed cause
our filter to open up and close down
even better it would do so rythmically
as the oscillator Cycles through its
phases and while this does work it has
two severe limitations first the opening
and closing movements are always instant
with no way of making them any more
gradual this might be what you want in
some contexts but often you'd need
something less abrupt and second we
can't change the rmic pattern all we get
is a constant Stato here's what that
would sound like I'm using a very slow
Square wave to control the F cutle
frequency now I don't know about you but
to me that sounds very static and
lifeless so what can we do about that
well the most obvious thing is to try
and make the rising and falling edges
here less steep in envelope terms we'd
say that we want to slow down the attack
and extend the release and while this
may sound complicated it's actually
anything but all we need are two
components a resistor and a capacitor
set up L here theist and into the input
so the two this we'll have to think
about the approprate values for the
capacitor and resistor now since we're
dealing with a very very slow Square
oscillation at the input they'll need to
be pretty big otherwise the effect will
be so minimal that we won't be able to
tell the difference in my experiments a
100K resistor coupled with a 1 M
capacitor gave me some decent results so
I'll set this up
on so wait what did he
do
he sent the square wave to the low pass
filter and then
that was sent to the cut off in my
experiment the input Square let's see
how it
sounds and yeah the F movement is much
less abrupt we've got a slower attack
and an extended release as planned but
what if we want to adjust the effect
well we've essentially got two options
here we could change either the
capacitor or resistor value but because
switching components is not the most
userfriendly strategy I'm going to
replace the fixed resistor with a
potentiometer this way in
[Music]
process
and yeah we can now dial in a more or
less intense effect the only problem
with this is that the attack and release
phases are not adjustable independently
changing one will always also change the
other so how can we separate the
two our Capac gets their own so when the
input signal swings High a current will
flow through this diode and only this
diode through this resistor and into the
capacitor and during the low phase the
current will take this other path this
means that this potentiometer Now
controls the attack and this one
controls the release capacitor I don't
really get the lfo's envelope thing
because the LFO is going to
play it again right like don't you only
want to play the envelope
[Music]
once as you can here I'm not able to
sculp the fil movement much more freely
great so what we have here is an ultra
simple passive attack release envelope
generator there's a problem that very
much depends on what your goals and
context are in this current form the
envelope can only properly function if
two external conditions are met the
circuit triggering it in our case the
oscillator needs to be able to provide
enough current and the circuit we're
controlling in our why simple let's
imagine we put a 100K resistor between
our Square wave oscillator and the
envelope this way we are severely
limiting the amount of current flowing
into our circuit and that means that
even if we dial our attack and release
pots all the way down charging and
discharging our capacitor here will not
be instant as we expect but instead
would take a while on the other side
imagine our filter was also using the
envelope to drive an LED since LEDs are
pretty power hungry this would basically
suck our capacitor dry and then eat up
all the current coming through the
attack pot turning our envelope curve
into a pretty flat line now granted this
is a worst case scenario Welles modules
should always have high current outputs
and low to no current inputs which
ironically is a standard our envelope
here does not live up to at all eats up
illat signal while providing nothing for
the filter thankfully fixing that is
really straightforward we simply buffer
both the
in yeah but the thing about this that's
annoying to
me is that he's just using
potentiometers like you
can't control the
envelope
modularly
right like this isn't really a
modular envelope generator it's more of
like now if you don't know how these
work I've put a link to a thorough
explanation in the description but the
Basic G is that if you set up like this
they act as what we call voltage buffers
these things take in a voltage and
provide an identical copy at their
output while being but I
guess hello everyone this is a short
update of the latest module that I have
finished an envelop it's based on Rene
smi's design for envelop in West and I
think
that's what is it
cool design because it's basically uses
every feature of the 555 timer to build
up an ads or um envelope
generator and I know that there are
probably 100 different versions of this
or located in a different GitHub on and
what not uh but I I still wanted to to
make my own version of it and uh it's
basically M design without any changes I
only added a
basically dude that is so clean you can
see there is most of the components are
surface mount components I started to
build this on on a breadboard and that
was just to check that TLC 555 timer
that I selected instead of using the
interseal that's a nice thing maybe I
should build one of those there's
something with UMC 55 timer that I
selected instead of using the
interm what is that that's a function
generator in using the
inter no that's a modular ICM 7555 that
R uses in his design I I just wanted to
check that the C 555 works and uh I have
no had no issues at all it worked
perfectly so um after that I proceeded
with the PCB design and uh I also made a
PCV panel for it I tried to do the
design as compact as possible um so I I
can fit a lot of these in my rack and
after a couple of weeks the PCB has
arrived and I started to assemble a
prototype the buildup of the module is
very simple everything is mounted on a
single PCB and since I'm using SNT
components for the most part I could
Feit all components on one side of the
PCB and put the pots Jacks and LS on the
other side as through components
uh can be a little bit tricky to uh
assemble or or solar onto a PCB but I I
use the method that I take the most
difficult components first like the
semiconductors diodes transistors and IC
and after that I take care of the rest
of the discrete passive components like
resistors and capacitors damn bro I do
the through moded
components however when I finished the
first prototype uh I discovered that I
made a stupid mistake in the schematic
diagram so I have flipped the pots in
the in the schematics and it turned out
that the pots were sort ofer in in the
wrong direction which made it really
difficult to use so uh I had to fix that
and make a second board SP and I also
discovered that since I'm using linear
qus for for ad and R those parameters or
or those slopes can be a little bit
tricky to to to set uh sometimes so if
you planning to build this I think that
L BS would
be see what I would
want is that you could modulate the
attack like like for instance let me
pull up Ableton and I'll show you guys
what I
mean
I guess I mean like
this
or I could do
[Music]
anyways that's what I
mean
[Music]
uh okay wait but let's go back to this
thing so I
guess
is
for
[Music]
H cuz I'm wondering how you can replace
the
pots being able to supply amount of
because of that no longer matters how
much current theut canide and how much
the next circuit eats up but why the 1K
resist at the output here then and
what's all this additional stuff at the
input well unfortunately there's other
worst case scenarios we need to consider
the first one of which being a classic
user error imagine that user plug our
envel output into some other modules
output by accident if that other module
also uses a voltage buffer there will
basically create a short circuit since
buffers can not only source but also
sync plenty of current so by placing a
1K resistor here we make sure that in
this scenario the maximum amount of
current that can flow is limited saving
our opms from a potential early grave
okay easy so now let's tle this
additional op over here what kind of
problem does it fix well while we did
make sure that our circuit gets enough
current we haven't thought about the
voltage we're feeding it yet we should
though because that voltage will
determine the voltage range across which
our envelope is operating think of it
this way if all our envelope does is
take the input signal and make the
rising and falling edges less steep then
the maximum height of the resulting
curve is completely determined by that
input signal why is that a problem
because if the input signal would for
example just swing
between
[__] man I'm so dead I don't know why I
think I went to bed
late
oh I kind of like
[Music]
that
yeah I just need to take like a nap bro
I'm so
sleepy
[Music]
um okay I feel like I kind of understand
the design of that it's like not that
crazy the
V transistor amplifiers don't really
make sense to me
honestly wait that's the I clicked on
the wrong thing
it's like pretty
simple uh I don't know what I
changed let's just open up the other
one
would you like to save your workspace
no
okay so how am I doing
this all right let's look at the
layout did I even rout this
thing is that auto router that looks
like Auto
router
okay I want to go to the video for the
amplifier
put will get bigger because where before
the 50% voltage divider was effectively
harving the Signal's amplitude now we're
only cutting it down by a relatively
tiny margin and second the opms output
will have to push and pull a lot harder
through this massive resistor to match
the bigger swing at this point now of
course when trying out different so you
divide it down by
100 or a th you divide it down by a
th000 you amplify it by 500 resistor
sizes here it's crucial that these two
pairs are of the exact same value so
they need oh actually no wait hold
on matched this is the only way we can
ensure that we get a Zer volts output if
the two signals are at the same voltage
level in my experiments a combination of
10K and 470k resistors worked out fine
so let's do this final adjustment and
then finally take a listen so I'll
simply exchange these 100ks for 10ks and
these other 100ks for
470k and as expected we can now vary the
output from zero to round about 10 volts
Peaks a peak perfect let's hear how this
sounds of
course
h
maybe I should do this from scratch
because I didn't stream doing this
um all right yeah so I'm going
to um oh open up vs code and I'm
actually going to
delete or I'm going to move okay hold
on
okay so now and close this discard
changes Kad all right I can't be like I
can't be
like
all right let's just delete this there's
nothing in there okay
um I can't be like accomplish
nothing
okay all right here we
go okay so what is the first thing that
I do I
forget I'm like so out of
it okay so the first thing is
um wow this is taking way longer than it
usually does dude why why does it even
take so long all right so we're going to
add this and it's
uh yeah sure we'll call it a
pin and then we'll say it's
got we fine we'll call it a socket who
cares uh pin socket 1x3
vertical there's no difference so that's
fine okay so we're going to place this
over
here
then type P going do
ground okay then uh P again + 12
Vols then P oh P again minus 12
volts okay now we
need our op and
which one two we only need a t72 we only
need two of them but I only have
t74 so 0
74 H bro I'm so bad at this don't almost
speedrun this
[__] dip 14 that's good okay so we need
two of these then the rest of
these
a
[Music]
pin I wonder if we should
ground
um
okay yeah so we're going to okay so what
we're going to do is we're going
to all right
so then what we're going to do
is
cool so that's set up now we
need a CV so let's uh add Let's see we
need
one two three of these things so
1x02 um these are whole so I'll just
leave a socket and then we're going to
go down
[Music]
here solder wire that's
interesting a pin
socket vertical for both of
them okay so this is
CV
signal
output okay so the first up amp okay
then we want a
potentiometer and is that mounted on
the thing is the
question I'm not
sure somewhere between
zero now because the resistance is fixed
we don't have to worry about it too much
I just want to see the
uh unlimited additional gain because at
some point the potential amount of
current will drop distort and the second
option of up until now curve we were
moving back and forth across this tiny
section now what we could do is move
this operating region way further up or
down the curve to where it is somewhat
steeper or flatter since this will have
a direct effect on our collector current
swing we should also see a change in
gain despite the negative feedback we'll
just overpower it basically cool but
while we could go through the trouble of
adding our scale down input signal to
our variable DC bias before applying the
sum to the transistor's base there is a
simpler more elegant solution instead of
adding the bias at the base we can just
subtract it from the voltage below the
emitter resistor because remember for
the transistor operation only the
voltage difference between B should push
up my guess is turning the potentiometer
we can adjust the voltage at this point
to any value between 0 and min-2 volts
going any more negative will probably
increase the collector current too much
and would thereby starve our transistor
that's why I've chosen this range and
since my oscillator is pushing out a 10
volts Peak to Peak signal we'll also
need to scale the input down with a 100K
100 ohms voltage divider to try this out
I'll set up fire plus 12 chip I'll slot
in a bc548 which is a generic npn
transistor The Collector needs to be
tied to the positive rail through a 100K
resistor while the emitter links to the
opm's output through a1k finally I'll
connect this input socket to the
transistor's base through a 100K 100
ohms voltage divider to see what's going
on I'll connect my oscilloscope to The
transistor's Collector because remember
this is the amplifier's output so right
now I set the CV to 0 Vols let's see so
right now I set the CV to 0 Vols let's
see what happens as I increase
it well this is not really what we were
hoping for there are two major problems
first the opticle DC offset seems to be
tied to the CV and is moving around
wildly and second the gain added by
increasing the CV is so minimal it's
actually impossible to see at this scale
bummer so what's going on here well two
things first let's talk curve fire is
operating gain is D for that we could of
course turn on the AC coupling on our
osilloscope if you don't know what that
is I've put another link to an in-depth
explanation in the description but in
essence this will remove any DC off
let's hear how they sounds let's swap
all the potentiometer for a jack socket
now I can connect our VCA to anything
that sends out a voltage like an
envelope
generator yeah I feel like we can just
get rid of
the
bro
just how do you do it
yeah don't want any [__] promoters
bro
okay so I think
um
so
let's see the
final all right so let me read
it
e
there was no CV
here so he just jumped the
CV
let me read this then to fix this we can
simply use a bit of our subtractor upam
SC
for
also we'll keep the manual CV control in
the circuit so we can dial on a CV
outset that gives us the sum
together okay I'm fine with that I don't
care so that means that we then
need H that's not what I wanted to
do there we
go okay so that means that we need a 1
xo3 as
well and this goes to a potentiometer
did I get the footprint print on that of
course
not okay now we want the uh BC
548 we could do that
but which one did I use the other
time that one that one's
nice I like
that
for
all right I'm done I think I'm going to
like go for a run or something this is
like uh
whatever